Q: The following function is supposed to insert a new node into its proper place
in an ordered list, returning a pointer to the first node in the modified list.
Unfortunately, the function doesn't work correctly in all cases. Explain what's
wrong with it and show how to fix it. Assume that the `node` structure is the
one defined in Section 17.5.

```c
struct node *insert_ordered_list(struct node *list, struct node *new_node)
{
    struct node *cur = list, *prev = NULL;
    while (cur->value <= new_node->value) {
        prev = cur;
        cur = cur->next;
    }
    prev->next = new_node;
    new_node->next = cur;
    return list;
}
```

```c
struct node {
    int value;
    struct node *next;
};
```

A: The original implementation of `insert_ordered_list` doesn't take into
account inserting nodes at the beginning of the list, the line:

```c
while (cur->value <= new_node->value) {
```

Doesn't iterate through the linked list if the `new_node->value` is less than
all the elements in the linked list. It also doesn't evaluate if it encounters a
node with an equal value, never inserting the node. Here is my reimplementation:

```c
struct node *insert_ordered_list(struct node *list, struct node *new_node)
{
	struct node **cur = &list;

	while (*cur != NULL && (*cur)->value < new_node->value) {
		cur = &(*cur)->next;
	}
	new_node->next = *cur;
	*cur = new_node;

	return list;
}
```

This new appraoch creates a pointer to a pointer to the head of the list
instead. This allow sus to keep track of the head of the list. The `while` loop
now iterates through the list, checking only if the value is less than (not less
than or equal to) the new node's value. Once a value greater than the
`new_node->value` is found in the list, the new_node's next pointer is assigned
to the current node (the node that holds the greater value, since that is where
the while loop stopped), and the current pointer is assigned to the new node.
The list, with the new node inserted in the correct, ordered position, is then
returned.
