Q: Section 15.1 listed several advantages of dividing a program into multiple
source files.

(a) Describe several other advantages.

(b) Describe some disadvantages.

A:

(a)

- Dividing a program into multiple source files helps organize a codebase,
  helping other programmers who might read or contribute to the source code more
  easily find a particular part of the overall program.

- When used in conjunction with a properly written Makefile, multiple source
  files can prevent constantly recompiling the entire program when only one
  small part of the program has changed.

(b)

- Dividing a program into multiple source files on smaller programming projects
  can ultimately make it more difficult for programmers to understand the
  codebase.

- Some programmers prefer having as much of the related logic to a particular
  function located as close as possible to that function's declaration as
  possible for ease of editing.

**STOLEN ANSWER:**

(a)

    1.Information hiding, clutter removal. Only necessary functions would be included in a project source file's header file, and only those necessar functions would be available.
    2. Compilation, testing and debugging would be simpler. Only necessary compilations would take place rather than compiling everything, testing unneccessary things.
    3. File size. Many small files are easier to manipulate over one large, memory consuming file.

(b)

    1. Complexity. Smaller programs split into multiple files can cause unnecessary confusion.
    2. Incorrect seperation of information. Programs could potentially be split in a chaotic way, making a program confusing to read, debug and test.
    3. File count. At a certain point, managing a large list of small files can be more confusing to compile, link and remain consistent with the program's original philosophy.
